=====
TFR Overview

The Pilot Files for TIE95 use the .TFR extension and have a fixed filesize of
0xF10.  TIE has the capability to auto-save the pilot file before each mission
should something happen or if the pilot wishes to retry a mission after leaving
the debrief corridor.  Being an early platform, there are few anti-cheating
measures that can be employed to ensure the validity of the file.

=====
TFR Structure

0x001	BYTE	PILOT_STATUS
0x002	BYTE	PILOT_RANK
0x003	BYTE	PILOT_DIFFICULTY
0x004	INT	SCORE
0x008	SHORT	SKILL_SCORE
0x00A	BYTE	SECRET_ORDER
0x02A	INT	T/F_TRAIN_SCORE
0x02E	INT	T/I_TRAIN_SCORE
0x032	INT	T/B_TRAIN_SCORE
0x036	INT	T/A_TRAIN_SCORE
0x03A	INT	GUN_TRAIN_SCORE
0x03E	INT	T/D_TRAIN_SCORE
0x042	INT	MIS_TRAIN_SCORE
0x046	INT	UNUSED1_TRAIN_SCORE
0x04A	INT	UNUSED2_TRAIN_SCORE
0x04E	INT	UNUSED3_TRAIN_SCORE
0x052	INT	UNUSED4_TRAIN_SCORE
0x056	INT	UNUSED5_TRAIN_SCORE
0x05A	BYTE	T/F_TRAIN_LEVEL
0x05B	BYTE	T/B_TRAIN_LEVEL
...
0x088	INT	T/F_COMBAT_M1_SCORE
0x08C	INT	T/F_COMBAT_M2_SCORE
...
0x0A4	INT	T/F_COMBAT_M8_SCORE
0x0A8	INT	T/I_COMBAT_M1_SCORE
...
0x208	BOOL	T/F_COMBAT_M1_COMPLETE
0x209	BOOL	T/F_COMBAT_M2_COMPLETE
...
0x210	BOOL	T/I_COMBAT_M1_COMPLETE
...
0x269	BYTE	BATTLE1_STATUS
0x26A	BYTE	BATTLE2_STATUS
...
0x27C	BYTE	BATTLE20_STATUS
0x27D	BYTE	BATTLE1_LAST_MISSION
0x27E	BYTE	BATTLE2_LAST_MISSION
...
0x391	BYTE	BATTLE1_SEC_OBJECTIVES
0x392	BYTE	BATTLE2_SEC_OBJECTIVES
...
0x3A5	BYTE	BATTLE1_BON_OBJECTIVES
0x3A6	BYTE	BATTLE2_BON_OBJECTIVES
...
0x3DA	INT	BATTLE1_MISSION1_SCORE
0x3DE	INT	BATTLE1_MISSION2_SCORE
...
0x3FA	INT	BATTLE2_MISSION1_SCORE
...
0x656	INT	BATTLE20_MISSION8_SCORE
0x65A	SHORT	TOTAL_KILLS
0x65C	SHORT	TOTAL_CAPTURES
0x660	SHORT	X-WING_KILLS
0x662	SHORT	Y-WING_KILLS
...
0x6E8	SHORT	FAC/1_KILLS
0x774	INT	LASERS_FIRED
0x778	INT	LASERS_HIT
0x780	SHORT	WARHEADS_FIRED
0x782	SHORT	WARHEADS_HIT
0x786	SHORT	CRAFT_LOST
0x788	BACKUP
...

=====
TFR Details

The first few values are nothing more than current status values for the PILOT
profile.  The full listing of values is displayed in the Listings section.

The SCORE value is the total score for the pilot, the SKILL_SCORE that follows
depends on difficulty settings, bonus goal completions, etc.  This value is
more or less for reference, it is already factored into the total SCORE.  The
SECRET_ORDER value is another PILOT variable and determines which tatoo is
displayed on your arm.

The TRAIN_SCORE values should be self-explanatory, but there is the item of the
UNUSED entries.  TIE95 has the capability to host 12 player craft types, but
only makes use of seven.  Mods can add craft to these slots, in which case
these values will be of importance.

TRAIN_LEVEL defaults to 02, and determines how much crap is in the training
loop when flown, or rather how much crap you put with until you ran out of
time.

The next section similarly is regarding the Combat Simulator.  Eight missions
for each of the 12 craft slots, SCORE and a boolean COMPLETE section following.

Alright, the BATTLE section.  BATTLE_STATUS controls how it is displayed (if at
all) in the Battle Selection Concourse and the Combat Chamber.  LAST_MISSION is
simply that, the mission number of the last mission flown.  Both OBJECTIVE
fields are actually bit-fields.  Completing the secondary/bonus goals in
mission one is 01 (b00000001), in both M1 and M3 is 05 (b00000101), every
mission except M6 is DF (b11011111), etc.  After that is the individual mission
scores.

After that we get to some statistics.  Total kill count of all craft types, not
sure how it scores CAPTURES, but that's what it is.  Craft kills, but only up
the Factory.  Note, this means that TOTAL_KILLS will *not* match the total of
the kill stats, since mines and whatnot are not included in those stats.
Lasers/warheads fired and missed, that gets you accuracy figures, craft lost is
how many times you blew yourself up.

The BACKUP section is a save-state of the entire file before the last mission
flown.  So after flying M1, the stats will still read zero.  After M3, the
backup stats will show up to M2, etc.

There you have it, a TIE95 pilot file.

=====
TFR Listings

PILOT_STATUS
00	ALIVE
01	CAPTURED
02	KILLED

PILOT_RANK
00	FLIGHT_CADET
01	FLIGHT_OFFICER
02	LIEUTENANT
03	CAPTAIN
04	COMMANDER
05	GENERAL

PILOT_DIFFICULTY
00	EASY
01	MEDIUM
02	HARD

SECRET_ORDER
00	NONE
01	1ST_INITIATE
02	2ND_CIRCLE
03	3RD_CIRCLE
04	4TH_CIRCLE
05	INNER_CIRCLE
06	EMPERORS_HAND

BATTLE_STATUS
00	NOT_DISPLAYED
01	IN_PROGRESS
02	INCOMPLETE
03	COMPLETED